
Task 3 - Time
 How much free time do you usually have?
	At the moment, I have a lot of free time. I'm between two jobs. 
	I'm trying to live according to a flexible schedule. 
	I have a months plan which I divide into a weekly plan and I give myself a free hand in the daily realization.
	
 How important is time to you?
	Quite important. When I lived without a plan/schedule/goals I felt like I wasn't moving and wasting my time.

 If you had more free time, what would you do?
	I would do what I do now. :-D

 “Time is money.” Do you agree or disagree? Why?
	Time is value, because we have a very limited. The money is come and go but the time just will be less and less.
	
 How do you feel about time that is wasted?
	I really don't like wasting time. If I have to wait for someone, I pick up my phone and do some English lessons.

Task 4 – Work
 What work do/did you do?
	I was a product manager. 

 How do/did you like the work?
	

 What is your dream job?
	A place where, the team is good.
	A place where, the boss leads the employee. 
	
 What work is common in your city/area/country?
 What is your general view about work? Why?


Task 5 – Motivation
 How motivated are you in general?
 What motivates you to do things?
 What is the best motivator to succeed?
 What do you do when you feel demotivated?
 What is a good way to motivate others?

Task 6 – Plan
 How often do you plan things? Why?
 What are your plans for (________)?
 What are your plans for your English?
 What do you think of this quote? “Having no plan is a plan to fail.”
 Do you have any back-up plans?

Task 7 - Books
 Do you like books/reading? Why/why not?
 What kind of books do/did you like?
 What is your favorite book? Why?
 What was the last book you read?
 Do you believe reading books/literature is more important than reading stuff online? Why/why
not?


Task 8 – Learning
 How important is learning? Why?
 Besides English, what are you currently learning?
 What things are you good/bad at learning? Why?
 What would you most like to learn?
 What is the most difficult part of learning? Why?


Task 9 – Movies
 What was the last movie you saw? How was it?
 What is your favorite movie? Why?
 How are the movies in your country? What are the best ones?
 How often do you watch movies in English?
 If there were a movie about your life, what kind of movie would it be? Why?


Task 10 – Problems
 How do you deal with your problems?
 What problems do you come across in your work or life?
 Do you feel that problems are opportunities? Why or why not?
 What was the last problem you solved and how did you do it?
 “Problems don’t matter. Solutions do.” Do you agree or disagree?